Procedure to test the application:

1) If you are using Linux double click on runmeLNX. If you are using Windows double click on runmeWNDS
2) Ensure that there is currently no file in the application called saveFile.txt, if this file exists delete it
3) Type y or yes into the GUI - the GUI application should start
4) There should be a starting screen with a single button (New Game) and a title screen. If there is a second button 
   (Saved Game), you either did not delete saveFile.txt or there is a problem in the IOException handeling within the code.
   This problem in exception handeling is likely in the SavedGame class in gamelogic, however it could also be in the 
   way that the GUI handels IOExceptions
5) Click on the New Game button, the screen should change to a screen with 9 slot machine symbols, 5 buttons and 2 labels.
   One label should  "not held", and the other should display "Balance: $100". 
6) Click on the "Bet $10" button. The slot machine symbols should change. If there are three symbols in a row then your 
   balance should increase. Otherwise, your balance should decrease by $10.
7) Click on the "Bet $20" buttom. The slot machine symbols should change. If there are three symbols in a row then your 
   balance should increase. Otherwise, your balance should decrease by $20.
8) Click on the "Bet $30" buttom. The slot machine symbols should change. If there are three symbols in a row then your 
   balance should increase. Otherwise, your balance should decrease by $30.
9) Click on the "Hold Middle Reel" button. The label above the balance label should change to held.
10) Click on the "Bet $10" button again. The three slot machine symbols in the middle should not change. If you don't get
    three symbols in a row, than your balance should decrease by $20 instead of $10.
11) Click on the "Bet $20" button again. The three slot machine symbols in the middle should not change. If you don't get
    three symbols in a row, than your balance should decrease by $30 instead of $20.
12) Click on the "Bet $30" button again. The three slot machine symbols in the middle should not change. If you don't get
    three symbols in a row, than your balance should decrease by $40 instead of $30.
13) Click on the "hold" button again. The label above balance should change to "not held"
14) Click on any of the bet buttons. All slot machine symbols should change (the random nature of the slot machine
    may have one image not change). Your balance should update according to the bet button pressed and if money
    is lost. You should only lose the quantity of money that you have bet
15) Click on any of the three buttons until you completely run out of money and your balance is $0.0. Click on the "bet $10"
    button one more time. All three bet buttons and the hold and save buttons should dissappear. The "New Game" button should
    reappear.
16) Click on the "New Game" button. The game should reset with a balance of $100.0, a "Not Held" label and 9 new slot
    machine symbols.
17) Click on any of the bet buttons until your balance changes. 
18) Click on the "Save" button. Your current game state should be written to saveFile.txt. Look into the game file and
    see if such a file has been written.
19) Click on any of the bet buttons until you have no money left. Click on the bet button one more time. All three bet
    buttons, the "Save" button and the "Hold" button should disappear. The "New Game" button and a "Saved Game" button.
20) Click on the "Saved Game" button. Your previous game state should reload. All slot machine symbols should be the same
    and your balance should be the same. 
21) Exit out of the Java application. Restart the game by either double clicking on runmeLNX or runmeWNDS.
22) Restart the GUI application by entering y or yes into the command prompt. This time a window should appear with
    both the "Play Game" and "Saved Game" buttons
23) Click on the "Saved Game" button. Your previously saved game state should reload with the previous game state.
    All slot machine symbols should be the same and in the same positions, your balance should also be the same.
24) Press the "Bet $10", "Bet $20", "Bet 30" and "hold" buttons to make sure that tasks run.
25) Quit the java application. Go into saveFile.txt and add a - sign before the first number.
26) If you are using Linux double click on runmeLNX. If you are using Windows double click on runmeWNDS
27) Restart the GUI application by entering y or yes into the command prompt. This time a window should appear with
    only the "Play Game" button. This is beause there is a problem in saveFile.txt which is solved via exception handling
28) Quit the Java application. Restart the application by double clicking on eiher runmeLNX or runmeWNDS
29) Type n or no into the command prompt to run the text game. Type n or no again to play a new game
30) Type n or no to not save the game
31) 
